We had a great time at (Host Name) place. The communication was super easy and quick and the place looks exactly like it does on the pictures. The neighborhood is very conveniently located and although it’s a lively neighborhood the apartment is very quiet! Would absolutely recommend to stay there!
(Host Name) place is at a perfect location, very easy to get around with public transportation and walking distance to awesome bars and restaurants. His place is great, very clean and has everything you need. (Host Name) was also very helpful since the beginning, available at all times whenever I had any questions. Totally recommend it.
The apartment is very nice and comfortable! Location is very convenient, near shops and public transport. (Host Name) was very helpful and friendly, he’s a super host!
Couldn’t have been better. Apartment was beautiful and equipped with everything I needed (and lots of lovely touches / local design). (Host name) was very helpful and the location was great.
(Host name) place was fantastic. Very clean and stylish place with everything you needed. In a great location, right near heaps of great places to eat! (Host name) was very accommodating and helpful letting us drop our bags off early and checking in on us regularly to make sure we had everything we needed. Would definitely stay here again!
This space was perfectly located near great shops, restaurants and bars. The host was communicative and supremely helpful in giving advice for a places to go….clearly they love their neighborhood. The room was cozy with a modern bathroom and thoughtful, sweet touches…..quiet and super clean. Absolutely loved it!
(Host name) was a superb host. They gave us clear instructions for getting to the apartment, and left a helpful collection of notes for us to use. The apartment is stylish and located in a fantastic area, within easy walking distance of great cafes and shops.
Nicely renovated in a cool neighbourhood close to metro and lots of transit. Comfortable bed and well prepared small kitchen – I appreciated the coffee and tea. Host was super responsive and it was all great. I’d stay again.
(Host name) apartment was clean, comfortable, and in a great location. He communicates quickly and is very accommodating. Thanks again!
(Host name) was a wonderful host! He is kind, prompt and helped us with every aspect of our reservation and stay. His place is clean, well designed and spacious. There are many great coffee shops, restaurants and shops in walking distance and the neighborhood itself is great! We wouldn’t hesitate to stay at (Host name) home again. Thanks (Host name)!